DOC: optimize.linprog: adjust tutorial to address gh16531 (#16887)
scipy/scipy: doc/source/tutorial/optimize.rst

    >>> x3_bounds = (-3.0, None)
    >>> bounds = [x0_bounds, x1_bounds, x2_bounds, x3_bounds]
    >>> result = linprog(c, A_ub=A_ub, b_ub=b_ub, A_eq=A_eq, b_eq=b_eq, bounds=bounds)
    >>> print(result.message)

>     The problem is infeasible. (HiGHS Status 8: model_status is Infeasible; primal_status is At lower/fixed bound)

Author: ```suggestion
    The problem is infeasible. (HiGHS Status 8: model_status is Infeasible; primal_status is b'At lower/fixed bound')
```

>     The problem is infeasible. (HiGHS Status 8: model_status is Infeasible; primal_status is b'At lower/fixed bound')

Reviewer: This byte-string is resolved in gh-16814

Author: ```suggestion
    The problem is infeasible. (HiGHS Status 8: model_status is Infeasible; primal_status is At lower/fixed bound)
```

    >>> x3_bounds = (-3.0, None)
    >>> bounds = [x0_bounds, x1_bounds, x2_bounds, x3_bounds]
    >>> result = linprog(c, A_ub=A_ub, b_ub=b_ub, A_eq=A_eq, b_eq=b_eq, bounds=bounds)
    >>> print(result.message)

>     The problem is infeasible. (HiGHS Status 8: model_status is Infeasible;
>     primal_status is At lower/fixed bound)

Author: ```suggestion
    The problem is infeasible. (HiGHS Status 8: model_status is Infeasible; primal_status is At lower/fixed bound)
```

    >>> x1_bounds = (0, 6)
    >>> bounds = [x0_bounds, x1_bounds, x2_bounds, x3_bounds]
    >>> result = linprog(c, A_ub=A_ub, b_ub=b_ub, A_eq=A_eq, b_eq=b_eq, bounds=bounds)
    >>> print(result.message)

>     'Optimization terminated successfully. (HiGHS Status 7: Optimal)'

Reviewer 2: Actually CI failure related to this 
```suggestion
    Optimization terminated successfully. (HiGHS Status 7: Optimal)
```
